so we're here to talk about super smash
brothers for the Nintendo 3ds and what's
really great here is you have that
chance to play with those characters
because we're all used to seeing but
seeing them on a portable scenario you
can think that wherever you go what's
really unique though the greediest
version has its own unique modes so it's
really exciting to play that and what
we're showing here today is showing
smash run so so smash one you get to
choose one of your characters you want
to play with and when you enter into
smash run it's a busy a five-minute
scenario and during that five minutes
you'll be fighting various enemies from
different Nintendo franchises Nick we
from Kid Icarus they can be from megaman
they could be from Donkey Kong from
Yoshi because if Legend of Zelda always
living here and as you defeat them
different powers will appear on the
screen they could event will help boost
up your power and as you collect these
when that five-minute ends go then go
into a fight a smash fight and that's
well as powerful now apply so let's I
got a lot of jumping ability versus gem
right here you got a lot of strength so
I don't have to worry about how that
will affect our game can I can jump
really high but you can have beat me up
faster so it's a really fun way to see
how you become overpowering when you
enter into that mode rosters were
showing a little different in the demos
but the final rosters will be the same
for both games now the modes will be
different and some of the stage will be
different as well like today Mary Creagh
we're showing states for the Wii U which
is mainly based on the Nintendo consoles
so i have to expire by gaelic pilot
wings Legend of Zelda like that pin on
the home console side while the 3d
outside allows days are more inspired by
think from versions of the game that
you've seen on the handheld right now
the character rocks are currently
available in the demo right here which
is really pretty def pretty adept roster
we've got sonic on here we've got Kidd
occur
this or soap in the animal crossing the
villagers in here entering like Little
Mac as well Bowser Mario the classic
character involved again they said the
rosses between the wii u notorious will
be the same so the gameplay will feel
very similar depending on which one you
go to just the controls will feel
different because I because in the 3d at
which is portable which is great versus
when I play on the wii u's side I could
be using a game you control it and the
gamepad or different controllers along
those lines two new characters will be
playable which we are playable here at
the show floor one is Lady palutena from
Kid Icarus she'll be playable in the
game and the other carry the students
going to add is the me fighters we
actually get to use your own knee and
then choose three different types of me
fighters to you there's a brawler a
sword fighter and also a more of a
gunner you shouldn't be expecting some
connectivity between the weave of the
3ds and mr. Sakurai container will be
sharing more than information is we get
closer to launch but one thing we did
announce though and during our digital
event recently and that the amoeba which
works with me you will also eventually
be in some capacity on 3ds hope it will
point out that works with the smash
version prettiest as well but
essentially the wii the 3ds version for
showing here its own version the game it
has its own unique code like smack or
i'm talking about before you can will
have a unique experience here on the 3ds
vs the wii u as of right now if we
haven't announced any dlc but usually
nintendo then examined oh we always aim
to make sure you got to get a full
experience and day one and actually we
strive for not really going to the deal
see especially on day one for the
nintendo 3ds version of smash brothers
hope that will be available on october
third this year